>> Burke Holland: You can also do
customizations to your editors, so
you can customize the theme
that you've already got.
If you were to go into your
settings file here, so
I'm gonna do that,
command or control-comma.
And then what I wanna do is I want
to actually look at the JSON,
let's see here, I wanna look at the,
>> Burke Holland: JSON
inside of my settings.
So the settings UI, let's see if I can
figure out how to get this to work here.
I want the settings UI to be JSON
instead of the actual UI here.
So if we back off this a little bit we can
see here what we want is settings JSON.
Configure editor settings to be
overridden for Edit and settings.JSON.
So here's our settings.JSON file.
This is the file that is
underneath that settings UI.
And you can see that as I've been
adding things here, they're showing up.
So here's our font ligatures set.
Here's our zoom level.
Here's my theme.
We can do things like theming
the title bar up there.
So we can do.
In fact, let's switch back over here and
I'll show you in this instance,
workbench.color customizations
is what it looks like.
And what then what you can do in here is
you can change the different colors of
the editor part.
So you can change just the status bar,
just the title bar, or
just the activity bar.
Here, you can see I've got the active
background set for tabs and
some other things like that.
So you can change colors here as well,
you could change this to 3, 3, 3,
3 and it will change
the colors of the tabs up top.
It put a little line underneath
the settings.JSON tab there.
You can also change things like the title.
So you can see I have window title here,
and then I've got a little ASCII art.
So you do a lot,
you can mess around with your settings and
figure out the things that you can change
inside of VS code to make it more yours.